doc(quick start test toolkit): rewording (#13)
bonitasoft/bonita-test-toolkit-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/quick-start.adoc

[#project-example]
== Test environment setup

> We will briefly describe in this section the process used in the test xref:quick-start-test[below]. +

Reviewer: No need to add the '+' at the end of the line if you want to jump a line. The '+' is to indicate that we want a carriage return, it is not necessary if you manually add a real line break. 
```suggestion
We will briefly describe in this section the process used in the test xref:quick-start-test[below].
```

}
----

> <1> `BonitaTests` is an annotation that registers a JUnit 5 extension. It's a convenient way to set up a Bonita test class. This extension allows injecting a `BonitaTestToolkit` correctly instantiated in the test methods.

Reviewer: I disagree, for me we should not add a 'the' here. 
The is a definite article, we could use it here if we were talking about a specific group of methods. But we talk about all the tests methods that users will write, so we should definitively use the indefinite form ( a / an in singular, nothing in plural). 

```suggestion
<1> `BonitaTests` is an annotation that registers a JUnit 5 extension. It's a convenient way to set up a Bonita test class. This extension allows injecting a `BonitaTestToolkit` correctly instantiated in test methods.
```

<2> The `BonitaTestToolkit`, injected by the `BonitaTestExtension`, is the main entry point to interact with the targeted Bonita platform.

> <3> The toolkit offers the possibility to retrieve an existing user on the targeted Bonta platform. This user is used to execute processes during the test scenario.

Reviewer: I actually prefer the generic form here (which wasn't perfect I agree). We say _Here we retrieve a user_ and then _Users are used to ..._
What do you think?  

```suggestion
<3> The toolkit offers the possibility to retrieve an existing user on the targeted Bonita platform. Such users are used to execute processes and tasks during test scenarios.
```

----
# Parameters 'bonita.url', 'bonita.tech.user' and 'bonita.tech.password' are optionals. 
# Use them if your runtime runs on an other URL than localhost:8080/bonita, 
# or with technical user credentials different from install / install. 

mvn verify [-Dbonita.url=<TARGET_RUNTIME_URL> -Dbonita.tech.user=<TECHNICAL_USER_USERNAME> -Dbonita.tech.password=<TECHNICAL_USER_PASSWORD>]
----

==== Advanced usage

The test toolkit communicates with the target Bonita Runtime using HTTP. 
It is possible to fine tune some HTTP specific options using the following arguments:

* `-Dbonita.client.disable.certificate.check=true|false` Default is `false`. Disable SSL certificate check when connecting to remote runtime using HTTPS.
* `-Dbonita.client.http.connection.timeout=10` Default is `10`. Timeout in seconds used for the HTTP connection timeout.

> === To Go further

Reviewer: Please add a line break after a title for lisibility (no impact on the generated HTML, just the source code).
```suggestion
=== To Go further

```
